Move content to create-deployment page (#2981)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-deployment.md

- Programmatically, using [`astro deployment create`](cli/astro-deployment-create.md).
- Programmatically, using a Deployment template file. See [Manage Deployments as code](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-from-a-template-file).

> When you make your Deployment, you can choose 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Deployment, you must choose a cluster type to host the Deployment:
```
